This is a critical level for Bitcoin at
the 200 day moving average. So,
we're at the 200 day moving average.
It's a, you know, it is certainly a
barrier. Uh, it it has been a barrier in
prior bare markets with the exception of
2014 and in 2019. But in both cases,
Bitcoin's surge above the 200 day was
relatively short-lived. Okay? like in um
in what was it in 2014 we got above the
200 day moving average but it didn't
really hold at least on the first
attempt you can see we
got above it right here in June stayed
above it for about a week off and on
sold off into mid June got back above it
into July for a few weeks and then we
sold off into October and then in 2019
you know we got above it in January And
then we were back below it again by
February and March. Right?